Update Docs (#82)
huggingface/autonlp: docs/extractive_question_answering.rst

Extractive Question Answering
===================================

Extractive Question Answering is a task in Natural Language Processing where you are given a context and a question.
The model's job is to to extract answer from the context.

> To train extractive question and answering model using AutoNLP, you need your data to be in JSONL format. An example is shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To train Extractive Question Answering models using AutoNLP, you need your data to be in JSONL format. An example is shown below:
```

    {"answers.start_idx":[0],"answers.ans_text":["Kathmandu Metropolitan City"],"context":"Kathmandu Metropolitan City (KMC), in order to promote international relations has established an International Relations Secretariat (IRC). KMC's first international relationship was established in 1975 with the city of Eugene, Oregon, United States. This activity has been further enhanced by establishing formal relationships with 8 other cities: Motsumoto City of Japan, Rochester of the USA, Yangon (formerly Rangoon) of Myanmar, Xi'an of the People's Republic of China, Minsk of Belarus, and Pyongyang of the Democratic Republic of Korea. KMC's constant endeavor is to enhance its interaction with SAARC countries, other International agencies and many other major cities of the world to achieve better urban management and developmental programs for Kathmandu.","id":"5735d259012e2f140011a0a1","question":"What is KMC an initialism of?","title":"Kathmandu"}

Here, we see only two samples but you can have as many samples as you like: 5000, 10000, 100000 or even a million or more!

Please note that one question can have multiple answers!

> Once you are done with formatting data in the format specified above, training the model is a piece of cake (thanks to AutoNLP).

Reviewer: Maybe we should mention this is the SQuAD format ?

The first step would be login to AutoNLP:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ autonlp login --api-key YOUR_HUGGING_FACE_API_TOKEN

> If you do not know your Hugging Face API token, please create an account on huggingface.co and you will find your api key in settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not know your Hugging Face API token, please create an account on huggingface.co and you will find your api key in your profile settings. 
```
